c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Angry_God.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Angry_God.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Game.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Graphics.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.GamerServices.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.Input.Touch.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\obj\x86\Debug\Angry_God.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\obj\x86\Debug\Angry_God.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\obj\x86\Debug\Angry_God.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Tile2.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Content\orangeGuy(Alive).xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Content\orangeGuy(Dead).xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Lightning.xnb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Angry God\Angry God\Angry_God\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ScoreFont.xnb
